---
title: "Project Proposal"
author:
  name: Murphy Scott
  url: "murphyscott.github.io/_posts/2020-11-06-proposal.md"
categories:
- end of year project	
---
  With everything going on the world today, I feel as though our generation is drowning in information. With the recent presidential election, I’ve witnessed many posts from people of all ages either on the behalf of their candidate, defacing the opposing candidate, or just flat out bashing anyone who doesn’t agree with their opinion. I was never able to witness people asking questions, discussing policy, or referencing articles to back up their claims. This frustration ended up being my inspiration. I want to construct an engaging, informative, non-bias, political site. I want this site to be a place where information is easily accessible and understandable. 
	My target audience is young adults ages from 18 to 25. There are too many websites out there that are bias, carry misinformation, or use formal jargon that can’t be easily understood. This tool will have information about basic voting procedures, policies, and social issues. Hopefully, this site can be used as a springboard for my generation’s intellectual journey in American politics. 
	In order to accomplish a project as big as this one, I will need to reference a multitude of sources. I plan on reaching out to my political science professor, Dominque Lewis, about which news sources might be appropriate to use. To make the site understandable and relatable, I will use my everyday language and attempt to act as a political translator for things that might not make much sense when first heard. For example, I would discuss the electoral college by defining it in simple terms, references articles about pros and cons about the system, and then giving the historical context of it. That way if the reader would like to learn more from a certain perspective resources are easily accessible and reliable. 
  There are website out there like https://www.gallopade.com/client/electionsForKids/ElectoralCollege.html that attempt to do this. However, the page itself is dated and uninviting. Additionally, the audience for this page is much younger than the people that would be first time voters in an election. Overall, this website is easy to use and understand but not flashy enough for young students or professionals. 
  Concerning the coding side of it, I will treat this like creating our blog for class. I will use red, white, and blue as theme colors but subtly to create and essence of professionalism. Instead of having pages such as About Me, I will have election terms defined, candidate information, and other helpful sources. So I will need to have a home page, around three other informative pages, and an easily accessible navigation menu. 
