---
title: "Reflection 10: What do you want to do?"
author:
  name: Murphy Scott
  url: "murphyscott.github.io/_posts/2020-11-06-reflection-10.md"
categories:
- reflections
---
<div class="tenor-gif-embed" data-postid="5293069" data-share-method="host" data-width="100%" data-aspect-ratio="1.456140350877193"><a href="https://tenor.com/view/jungle-book-gif-5293069">Jungle Book Upset GIF</a> from <a href="https://tenor.com/search/junglebook-gifs">Junglebook GIFs</a></div><script type="text/javascript" async src="https://tenor.com/embed.js"></script>
This week's gif reaction is inspired by the vultures from *The Jungle Book*. This is mostly because I had a difficult time deciding what I wanted to do for the final project. I wanted to create something that would do the following:
    
    *help people in some sort of way 
    *have them learn something 
    *have one good chuckle before leaving my site
    
With these goals in mind I was between making an informative website that could be an election aid. The amount of misinformation going around from both parties can be overwhelming, especially to first time voters. Also, understanding the process of the election can be difficult as well if no one ever took the time to explain it you in words that are easily understandable. This is why I want to create a site where the younger generation (and anyone who is undereductaed) can access information about the election, the historical context, policies, candidates, etc. easily. 

My other ideas is on the complete opposite side of the spectrum. I also want to create a goofy website that will make people laugh and even bring our generation together. Feeling so divided now-a-days is hard on the soul but a good laugh can bring us altogether. Thus, I would have a meme page, madlibs that make no sense, and just outrageous content that would brighten up people's day. Yes, this would be a random, haphazard site with the sole purpose of joy.

After contemplating my two ideas, I decided that an informative, election website was the way to go. Not onlyt is there more content for me to work with but the election is already over so there is an even lesser chance of bias creeping in. Additionally, I feel like I can incorporate my second idea into my first one in order to make my final project more engaging to the audience I'm trying to reach. Learning about politics shouldn't be boring or stressful. 
